all right there's a nuclear holocaust
I'm the last man on earth would you go
out with me I've got canned goods hey
guys take a look at this check this baby
out
dug me a hole excellent hole Joe
we take you back to the house yeah and
I'm a little tired from digging the hole
something there's really only one thing
he can do what what is it you're gonna
have to pee on it
Wow don't blame me I saw it on the
Discovery Channel you know what he's
right there's something like ammonia in
that that kills the pain well forget it
doesn't hurt that you want some privacy
you can use my hole
pass the cheese please my god you can't
even look at me can you know hey baby we
can talk to baby no I'm too depressed to
talk I'll give you a thousand dollars to
talk to us hey you guys what do you what
do you think about making that Beach
trip an annual thing no all right that's
it you guys what happened out there what
we took a walk nothing happened I came
back with nothing all over me Joey
alright no Joey we swore we'd never tell
they'll never understand
we have to say something we have to get
it out it's eating me alive Monica got
stung by a jellyfish all right
I got stung stung bad I couldn't stand I
I couldn't walk we were two miles from
the house was scared and alone we didn't
think we could make it I was in too much
pain and I was tired from digging the
huge hole and then Joey remembered
something I've seen this thing on the
Discovery Channel wait a minute I saw
that on the Discovery Channel yeah about
jellyfish and how if you
you peed on yourself
yeah you can't say that you don't know I
thought I was gonna pass out from the
pain
anyway I I tried but I couldn't bend
that way that's right I stepped up
she's my friend and she needed help if I
had to ID pee on any one of you only uh
I couldn't I got the stage fright I
wanted to help but it was just too much
pressure so so I uh I turned to Chandler
joy kept screaming at me do it now do it
do it do it now sometimes late at night
I can still hear this screaming that's
cos sometimes I just do it through my
wall to freak out